What in the fuck is she doing?
Did you see that guy at my 11 o'clock. 200 meters out?
Maybe he was sick the day they taught tactics.
Wait. what is that?
Looks like he's dragging something.
What is this guy doing?
Are you trying to get shot?
It's my plant.
What happened?
A cloak.
You think you're blown or you know you're blown?
I'm blown.
How?
She saw the cross.
The cross. what cross?
My cross. the...
What fucking cross?
On my side.
On my ribs.
From when my brother died.
The tattoo with his name.
On a cross.
Does everybody know or just her?
Everyone.
They're hunting me now.
You in the compound?
I'm under it.
We're on our way.
What in the fuck is this guy doing?
Can we just shoot this fucker?
I mean. Bob. what the fuck are we doing here?
He's not armed.
We move now!
Her cover's blown!
Chief. we gotta roll!
It's dead. Cord!
Shoot him!
Hog 3-3. this is Alabama 2-7 with an immediate cast request.
Over.
Alabama 2-7. Hog 3-3. seven.
Hog 3-3. control tide two.
Guns only on target on the overhead.
Enemy caps in the open.
2-7-0 degrees for 100 meters.
Marked by yellow smoke.
Danger close on my command.
Bob. smoke!
Hold up!
Cleared hot!
Get your team ready to move.
Yes. ma'am.
Let's go.
Come on.
I can't hear them.
They're coming.
They're moving!
I'm gonna mute you.
I need a fucking ETA!
We're here!
Heavy resistance!
This won't be quick!
Bobby. no bullshit.
Can you get her?
I can't.
We need to distance.
This won't be quick.
Bobby. no bullshit.
Can you get her?
I'll let her stay now.
We'll have to make a decision.
You understand that?
Roger that.
We're gonna fight till you make it.
Sir. I have a problem.
An HV asset is compromised.
I have a team approaching the location.
Yoda!
Whoever maya know what to do.
Maintain altitude at 500 meters.
Do not engage.
Roger that.
All in place.
Reaper one .
Alabama 2-7. set position for Whiskey. Whiskey. Alpha. Niner.
Reaper's ready.
Confirm tally target.
Reaper's tally target.
Cleared hot.
Weapon away.
Holy shit.
215.
Hey. yo. Cruz. What you got?
What?
You got me a shake?
You said burger. that's what I got.
I texted you burger. then I texted you shake.
Bitch. can't you read?
Don't call me bitch.
But you are.
Dumb fucking bitch. working for $7 an hour.
Hey. how much you made tonight?
$500.
Don't want to shake my ass for money.
Bitch. I'm a dancer.
Bitch. you're a fucking stripper.
What the fuck you call me. bitch?
Yo. chill.
Anna. fuck you. ho.
Yo. train your bitch. motherfucker.
What the fuck's wrong with you?
Oh. you taking her side now?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm sorry.
Goddamn right you're sorry.
Go to fucking bed.
You need to trade that bitch for a new model.
New model?
Hey. baby.
Unless Miles.
Ain't that the fucking truth?
I'm sorry.
Where you going?
Bathroom.
I don't know.
What the fuck happened?
You don't shake your ass no more?
Shaking your ass is how we fucking met.
Now you sling burgers and you think it's noble?
Don't drink. won't smoke. won't fuck.
Like what the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Somebody fucking help me!
Somebody help me!
No!
He's got a problem.
Problems between me and her.
Not anymore.
Now it's between you and the United States Marines.
Life boils down to a few decisions.
You're now facing one of them.
You okay?
Thanks.
You do that to his face?
I cheated.
I used a frying pan.
In war. if you aren't cheating. you aren't trying.
I've been at war my whole life then.
Well. you came to the right place.
I'm gonna kill you.
Better do. Cruz.
It's not gonna get any cleaner.
I can get it cleaner.
It wasn't that clean when it was new.
They here for you?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
He's saying you assaulted him.
Is that true?
I assaulted him back.
Fair enough.
I recommend you file a restraining order first thing tomorrow.
then we have an actionable response if he comes near you.
What about tonight?
Can take him to a shelter.
I'll take the chances at the park.
They aren't good.
Come on.
Then. your minimum standard is three pull-ups.
Recommended standard is 15.
Ladies. your minimum standard is a 12-second flexed arm hang.
Recommended standard. three pull-ups.
Any questions?
I want to be in that line.
Why?
Because I can give you 15 right now.
15?
Yes. sir.
Sergeant. I work for a living.
So do I. Sergeant. and I'm telling you I can give you 15 right now.
Prove it.
That's 19. recruit.
You want to break a record for me?
Yes. sir!
Stop fucking calling me sir!
Yes. Sergeant!
Come on. come on!
I'm sorry. Sergeant.
I'm sorry.
Look at me.
Stand straight.
Tuck that ass!
We ain't at the fucking beach!
Attack everything they throw at you just like this.
There's no stopping you.
I must be reading this wrong.
You're not. sir.
99% on her ASVAB score.
She got 99 on her PT.
On the men's scale.
I want to talk to her.
You're not enlisted yet.
Please salute me.
Sorry. sir.
Don't be sorry. Have a seat.
Your test scores are unusual.
Once every five or so years. unusual.
I'd park you in PsyOps. but your PT tests...
No woman has done this.
Most men don't.
22 pull-ups. 114 push-ups in 3 minutes.
And you ran an 8-minute mile and a half.
Standard is 15.
I ran the 800 in high school. sir.
Through the javelin in one state and both.
I'm aware. Did my homework on you.
What I don't understand is why you didn't go to college.
Why are you here. not achieving all the things
that these tests say you should be achieving?
Mother died in junior year.
I just stopped caring.
Hated myself.
Hated the world.
Treated myself like it.
Father?
Who knows? I don't.
So no family?
One brother dead. one in prison.
if you call that family.
What does the word Marine mean to you?
I don't know.
Then why are we talking?
Why are you here?
I was being hunted and I...
I pushed through these doors and
a Marine was there and he protected me.
He offered me a chance to...
So you do know what it means.
We are the strong.
We protect the weak.
We are merciless in that endeavor. Is that an endeavor you wish to pursue?
Yes. sir.
There's 1.4 million
active duty personnel in the armed forces.
They all do their part.
But there's not a thousand among them
that we can call on that make a difference.
I think you could be one of those few.
But it means walking away from the life
that you lived up to this point
and never looking back.
That life is over.
I have no life. sir.
You do now.
She was compromised.
Compromised how?
Her mark walked in on her bathing
and saw...
saw the tattoo
of a cross beneath her armpit.
A tattoo?
Yes. sir.
You didn't think to check your operative for tattoos?
I asked her if she had any tattoos and she said no.
Then you just took a word for it.
Would you rather I strip searched her in the barracks?
That is exactly what I expect you to do.
Regulations forbidden from doing that.
Fuck's sake. Joe. Regulations?
Walk us through your decision to call the drone strike.
ISIS members had her in custody.
You knew this how?
I heard it through my sat phone.
You had a CAG team en route?
Two. And my team.
And you still ordered the strike?
There were more than 40 ISIS fighters at that location
prepared for our assault.
At best. it takes my team an hour to secure a location.
And during that time. I goddamn guarantee you
they've strip searched her and made a home movie
we do not want on the internet.
She was dead either way.
I chose to protect my team
and the sanctity of our operation.
Check the next one for tattoos.
Every inch of her.
Fucking asshole.
Debriefs are unpleasant for a reason. Joe.
I can assure you his debrief
will be that of worse.
What next?
Go to BRAC.
Make another one.
It's not your fault. Joe.
She lied to you.
I trusted her.
I know better than that.
22 years old.
Her whole life I had her
and I just dropped a missile on it.
I'm sorry.
You said you don't like them.
I've never seen you try them.
I've tried them.
Honey. grits don't have a taste.
It tastes like whatever you put in it
and I put cheese in it because you like cheese.
It's not the taste.
It's the texture.
Mom!
Oh!
Oh. my God.
You're so big.
Let me see you.
No phone call?
I thought I'd surprise you.
You achieved your goal.
You hungry?
Yeah.
Hey.
Why are you done when she's here?
We don't say that. Finish your meal.
I want to eat.
When you call first.
I can download you on what they've been doing.
Then they aren't ambushed at dinner
and you have something to say.
I didn't know I was coming back.
I thought about staying at Brad. calling tomorrow.
You don't need permission to come home.
I'm just trying to make the landing softer.
The yard looks nice.
You're staying fit out there
in the desert. I see.
Who said desert?
Just a guess.
Let's go.
Are you seeing anyone?
No.
Not really.
You?
No.
Just. you know. to feel something.
Anything.
That's what I meant by not really.
You're right.
I should have called first.
Then everyone knows how to play their role.
How long are you staying?
That long.
Well. I say love is all you need.
That's not a saying. baby.
That's a song.
If your theater is the Middle East.
I have seven that could work.
but this one?
Fuckin' pipe hitter. this girl.
She's from Mexico. Jack.
Father's Syrian. mother from Milisco.
Muslim?
Catholic.
How's her Arabic?
Clean. On four language courses.
Keeps up with it good.
She did a tour in Afghanistan?
Two years ago.
She's been to the US.
She did a tour in Afghanistan?
Two.
She was forced recon before we got her.
Halo jumps. in country.
Passed year school on her first go.
She is a fucking gangster.
She's a fucking door kicker.
What the fuck am I gonna do with a door kicker. Jack?
She's got the brain.
She tested top 10% on the officers.
She's been in insertion training for six months.
I'm talking to you.
I don't like my ass that's baked for me. Jack.
Save yourself.
Ugh!
Manuelos! Hastings!
In the pit!
Sergeant!
Hastings.
Give him a helmet.
I don't need a helmet.
You're gonna need a helmet.
Yeah. Yeah. we'll see about that.
Ugh!
I don't like biting a fucking raccoon!
Told you he needed a helmet.
Fuck you!
Adios. Manuelos.
I'm not an officer.
Who are you with?
Special activities.
You wanted your chance. so here it is.
When? Classified.
Where? Classified.
I'm not done vetting you yet.
I was vetted before they let me in the program.
Not my program.
When the Linus team was first formed.
we just needed female soldiers to frisk and interrogate female insurgents.
You can't have a man running his hand over some Muslim teenager's groin.
But it has evolved to.
What we do now is locate the wives
and the girlfriends and daughters of these high-value targets
and we place an operative close to them.
The operative makes friends with them.
earns their trust.
leads us to the target.
and we kill the target.
Some may consider that cruel and outside the lines of what's just.
What do you think?
I think if you ain't cheating. you ain't trying. ma'am.
You got any tattoos?
No. ma'am.
Prove it.
All of it.
Lift your arms.
What are those?
Berm cigarettes.
Turn around.
Those are from an extension cord.
Should answer your question about how much pain I can take.
This should tell you how much indignity.
This is how I get off.
Knock yourself out. lady. I can stand here all fucking day.
You'll do.
Get packed.
We leave zero to you.
I'm going to go.
You'll do.
Get packed.
We leave zero. 600.
Asmar Ali Amrohi.
one of the leaders of the Iranian-backed militia in Iraq.
He's the target?
He is the target.
Who's my mark?
Daughter.
So she likes to spend it.
Where can you spend it in Baghdad?
You can't. You spend it in Kuwait.
Is that where we're going?
That's where we're starting.
You know Mary?
Hey. we don't do that.
I'm not your friend. and you aren't mine.
Getting real tired of you telling me what we are in our country.
Get used to it because that's our relationship.
Then turn the fucking plane around.
You'd like to be in charge. is that it?
With your years of experience?
I'd like to know you.
I'd like to know the person responsible
with saving me if my cover is blown.
If your cover is blown. there is no saving you.
That's what this job has taught me.
You have to save yourself.
Then we come get you.
You can trust me to do that.
I need you.
ID's all the way around?
Yeah. You'll get mine.
Fair enough.
Just for me?
Just you.
There's a cantina down the hall.
The rest of the team is going to meet us there in a cafe
in case you're hungry.
You have a cafe?
More importantly. we have a cantina.
Do you have a mirror under there?
I know this Vegas magician shit you're pulling.
Just good.
Chief. she's cheating at cards again.
I'm what. an 0 for 7. 0 for 18?
Stop cheating. Bobby.
A cheating thing?
Chief. I don't know how you drink that
with no ice in this fucking desert.
This is for cooling off.
And this is not.
Just drink beer like me.
You both at the same time.
I don't look like you.
Our little sparrow?
One and only.
Hey. if you're here to purify the water.
it's right around the corner.
Thank you very much. Thank you for your service.
Just fuck with her.
I'll introduce you around.
This is Bobby.
This is two cups.
That over there is Tex.
Randy. And that's Tucker.
Why two cups?
We went to Thailand on leave
and he drank two cups of something
and he tried to fuck everything.
We mean everything.
How many beers is that?
Just so I know where to sit.
Texas. huh?
New Jersey.
When he shaves his beard. he looks like Matt Dillon.
He starred in the movie Tex.
Still don't get it.
Same name as Cruz. huh?
What's that from?
Not a nickname.
You want a beer? Water. please.
Water?
When do we start?
This family keeps an apartment here. We have eyes on it.
When she moves. we move.
Where does he stay?
That's the million dollar question you're here to answer.
I see that.
I don't trust anyone who doesn't get drunk with me.
When's our wake-up?
We wake up when we feel like it.
That's when we wake up.
Welcome to CIA.
Welcome to the team.
Here we go.
I think I'm in love.
Don't hurt yourself.
I'm a fucking Marine. What did you expect?
What do you think? Come on. you want in?
Hey. listen. she cheats at cards. so watch your six.
I swear to God. Hey. Tuck. can I borrow some money?
Let's go.
There's clothes in the closet.
Something cute. stylish.
Take this blue purse. the Chanel.
Meet us in the briefing room in 15 minutes.
Yeah. I'm coming.
Now. She's on the move.
What is your name?
Zora Adid.
Where are you from?
Where the fuck are you from?
I was born in Boston. but my parents were born in Abu Dhabi.
What are you doing in Kuwait?
My cousin. Uncle.
Taking a semester off school and staying with my uncle.
What does your uncle do?
He's a producer for El Jazeera.
Moving on foot now. Salia market. three blocks ahead.
You know what she looks like?
I know what she looks like. Look at her again.
Wait. I don't know her name.
You're not supposed to know her name. You haven't met her yet.
This is too fast. We need to slow down.
It's too late for that. I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't know anything about her or who she's with.
Look at me. You're not supposed to.
Say her name.
Or you say something she hasn't told you about herself yet.
You're blind on purpose.
Up the head. on the right. and get ready.
I get off first?
Do not follow me. Do not look at me.
Understood?
Say it.
I understand.
Wait! Fuck!
I don't know where I'm going!
Relax. Louis Vuitton. this door on the left.
Go there now.
Go.
Sorry.
That's your phone.
Oh.
I'm a medic.
Yeah.
It's. uh. beautiful.
Wishful thinking.
A woman can't buy jewelry for herself.
Why not?
Because it doesn't mean anything.
Just to be given to you.
You're pretty enough to know that.
If you wait for an American man to buy you jewelry.
you'll never have any.
You have family here?
My uncle.
Here to find a husband.
Mm.
Well. with that face. it won't take long.
But you American girls and makeup.
No subtlety.
It's okay.
We go down to Estee Lauder.
It's across the street.
What's your name?
If you don't want my help. that's fine.
Just trying to be nice.
Zara.
I did.
Ali. I'm Rohi.
Yalla. this will be fun.
Yeah.
She's in.
You